So an ID selector is much more specific
than just selecting all h1 tags.
And so whatever has the ID select or
whatever styles are in
that are gonna be applied.
But this is problematic for
several reasons.
The first is our styles are slowly
becoming decentralized,
because we have three different
ways that we can write CSS.
This can be really hard to remove code, if
you rip out some features of your product,
or if you update them.
It can be hard to update your CSS
if you don´t know where to find it.
And a lack of knowledge about specificity
leads to a lot of importants going on.
So if we look at this code example, we can
see this is selecting every single list
item, and it's setting its color to blue.
And then here, we've got a different way
that we could also be
setting the color to blue.
So we have here, we're selecting
an unordered list with a class of
shopping-cart, and selecting all
immediate children list items.
So it's not gonna do nested list items,
just the top level immediate children,
set their color to blue.
Or you could just select all list items
with a color of shopping-cart-item and
set their color blue with an important,
so that's gonna override everything.
Or you could select your shopping-cart and
then do all children descendants.
The point being, there's a lot
of ways that you can write CSS.